c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.dll.config
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jt673115\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.dll.config
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\WebAPI.pdb
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Owin.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.dll
E:\WorkingDirectory\AngularJsApplication\WebAPI\obj\Debug\WebAPI.pdb
